Grammar updates of CONTRIBUTING.md (#687)
aristocratos/btop: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Split up multiple unrelated changes in multiple pull requests.

* If it's a fix for an unreported bug, make a bug report and link the pull request.

> * Pure cosmetic changes won't be accepted without a very good explanation of its value.

Reviewer: Nope, I don't think this is correct. The following is grammatically correct:

```suggestion
* Purely cosmetic changes won't be accepted without a very good explanation of their value.
```

see https://www.collinsdictionary.com/us/dictionary/english/purely-cosmetic
